welcome one and all to Japan's buds
revised list of the 25 most beautiful
women of all time and we cut the list
down to 25 because nobody was any good
sense makes a list of 30 to anything so
sparked how's that flu recovery thing
going for you it's okay I'm not even
gonna mention that you brought a home
from that mist bang mist angers in the
past let's leave her there and look at
all the other beautiful women to have
existed and I will keep looking for the
beautiful woman alive today until I no
longer have to settle for mrs. thangs
good number 25 Doris Day now this woman
was so pretty it's almost like she was
too good to be real yeah she was a
little goody two-shoes and I don't think
it was just an act
it wasn't she was annoyingly sweet just
looking at her gave me a toothache
number 24 Dorothy Dandridge I didn't
know her until you showed me but she was
really pretty she was wasn't she
pretty little heart-shaped face reminds
me of you spud with your little
ballpoint chin that joke doesn't even
make any sense
ain't never heard of ballpoint pen my
joke is a pun and it makes sense and
it's funny damn kids
number 23 Whitney Houston now this one
right here was stunning and there was
something I really loved about her mouth
them teeth were just so gorgeous when
she sang and it was like a damn angel
opened up the gates of heaven
there were her lips and teeth than the
sound of the good Lord Almighty and all
His Holiness came pouring forth when I
took you to church this weekend in she
damn right
number 22 dummy mall what say you
yeah she was really beautiful what was
Jayne dead is well I never see her in
anything anymore how was I supposed to
know that's because that Punk accused
her and abused her and up and left of
some young one with half the class
oldest beauty and now she's scarred and
sad and needs to have to give her some
love
I don't ever again want to hear you say
anything like that ever again
well number 21 Cyd Charisse you
thank you for keeping her on the list at
my recommendation because people forget
about her they do I think of her as sort
of like Ava Gardner Plus talent - the
thought vibe number 20
go ahead spot hit her with the next one
Debbie Reynolds you know I remember
hearing Carrie Fisher saying her mom had
this long walk in closet and she would
go in one end as her mom disappeared for
a while and come out the other end as
Debbie Reynolds yeah plus she gets bonus
points for being sassy and telling Oprah
about 80 fishes tenet number 19 Geena
Davis this one is strictly for spud
because he loves the redheads I'm
surprised he didn't put Lucille Ball up
on this or bows out a damn clown I think
those two women two bows over the damn
clown no I'm just saying you weird about
the redheads you probably got a thing
for Ronald McDonald you're the one
frequenting the Mickey D's and taking
selfies with that creepy clown statue Oh
share my secrets now I see how it is
next number 18 Cindy Crawford okay I'm
still questioning this choice from you
yeah I know me too
she ain't my type at all I don't go for
the 80 biddies but she got that lovely
face Oh suddenly interested in women's
faces you making me sound like a
chauvinist you ruining my rep next
number 17 Felicia Rashad she's amazing
she's getting old and she still looks
really beautiful I don't know she's like
some ageless wonder just look at her
it's ridiculous and you know what's cool
about her she can pull off them high
arching eyebrows the ones all normal
women look like they run away from their
face yeah like your grandma my great
grandma who exactly looks like they're
my eyebrows on that woman be like oh
hell no I gotta get away from this and
it makes it look like a rude Nancy oh
hey well she is well good they shall
know about this channel
next number 16 Sarah Jessica Parker and
before y'all in the comments go being
rude and making horse face jokes hear us
out it's the whole package exactly
she's like a little pocket-sized
supermodel but because she's not tall
everything looks even better on other
known those legged ladies I'm not saying
this woman has one of the
beautiful faces but there's something
very cool about her and she just always
looks amazing
you gonna tell him about your Sex and
the City binge while you were in bed
with your thought disease no next number
15 sell my higher some of y'all in the
comments recommended Salma and I'm
ashamed to say I wouldn't have thought
of her on my own but yeah she deserves
to be on the list yeah she's just loving
ya next number 14
zendaya you are determined to marry this
woman aren't you yes someday she will be
zendaya die what's funny is the if I
mispronounced her name the way that she
hates people mispronouncing it it would
be zendaya dial number 13 and mine
another supermodel yes weird ain't it
but I'm trying to be subjective here you
know I'm trying to judge on true beauty
instead of my taste because I don't
think y'all watching this would be
interested in a list of 25 butts
oh can we please get back on topic now
what's is she married to David Bowie
indeed she was married to David Bowie
don't you know generation Z self no that
Instagram number 12 Kim Novak you're
talking about back in the day right yeah
I don't mean after she had the bad work
done but let's don't make fun if I can
go low but she deserves some respect
suppose you brewed AF number 11 Naomi
Campbell especially in that remember the
time video was she up and run off and
left Eddie Murphy Farrell to be with
Michael that was in mind naomi was in
the video for in the closet how do you
know more about those to me
YouTube number 10 Ingrid Bergman she
beautiful
it looks like my other grandmother the
one without the eyebrows crawling up a
fall head
yes officially in notorious with your
butt chin brother Cary Grant number nine
Beyonce next number eight Vivien Leigh
have you ever noticed something
prettiest women have a kind of crazy
look in their eye that way they can lure
you in then go for your throat I have
not ever noticed that but I think if
something I need to start looking out
for next number seven
Paulette Goddard who I added just false
bug see there's the same thing I'm
talking about she has that look in her
eyes that makes you think that she wants
to kiss you so she can see how you taste
to decide if she wants you to be the
main ingredient in her favorite soup
that's nasty
next number six Kirstie Alley huh
see more crazy eyes she crazy though
well I don't think ain't researched it
but there is that Scientology thing and
she does fight the Battle of the Bulge
quite often but she can carry some
weight pretty well and still look good
you do love to thick women with to sees
that I do that I do next
number five Lupita yes he's pretty she
looks fake she's too pretty to be real
like where can I find one because I'd
have been de harmony and I have yet to
find a woman that looks like this and
all they do is give me strip next number
fall Marilyn Monroe yeah we had to
revise that last list I had a way too
far down that's what I'm screaming this
woman was packed and stacked and her
face looked like I put in my order to
some drug companion service and they
sculpted it just to suit my preferences
is that your next attempt giving up on
love and real women so it's just Droid
love from here on out maybe do they give
you strip number three so feel around no
words necessary yeah except when she
lifted her arm you found a furry
surprise number two Audrey Hepburn
pretty in the face could wear damn near
anything and make it look beautiful just
like Sarah Jessica but without feeling
like if you tried to kiss her you get
poked in your Adam's apple with a chin
this hair your girlfriend's probably
feel spun barely getting sucked into
that black hole on yours that's so rude
I've talked you help my young padawan
and number one y'all know who it is
hear it Taylor this is just not
debatable except that booty was a little
flat but I would have been more than
willing to make the sacrifice I just
want to know how was this one for real
she was a mutant too she was damn rare
violent eyes and she was born with some
mutation that gave her two sets of
eyelashes this is a once in a lifetime
kind of woman and if you know someone
who looks like this please director to
subscribe to this channel please and
thank you be sure to find me around the
Internet's I think you mean us as in be
sure to find us around the Internet's no
I didn't on Twitter twitter.com slash
movies explain fall on Facebook
facebook.com slash movies explain fall
get on my email mailing list I ain't
used yet but I will
movies explain 4.com consider supporting
me on patreon patreon calm slash movies
explain fall and get your math on at T
spring calm slash stole slash movies -
explained - fall or just make it easy on
yourself and follow the link in the
description ok for meth I'm Jam and I am
spud and we will see y'all in the next
video
toodles